Document Firefox OAuth and accept terms of service (#3384)
mozilla/fx-private-relay: docs/api_auth.md

    Relay->>Extension: [{id:, address:, etc.}, {id:, address:, etc.}]
```

## Firefox OAuth Token Authentication and Accept Terms of Service

> Similarly to the add-on, Firefox uses the [the FXA OAuth service][fxa-oauth] /oauth/token endpoint with `scope: ["https://identity.mozilla.com/apps/relay"]` to get the scoped access token that expires every 24 hours (see which calls [`getOAuthToken`][searchfox-getoauthtoken] [`accessTokenWithSessionToken`][searchfox-accesstokenwithsessiontoken]).

Reviewer: praise: links to searchfox!

> After successful OAuth flow with FXA, Firefox uses this token to authenticate all requests to Relay by including an `Authorization: Bearer {fxa-access-token}` header in all API requests. Since the token was generated from FXA and not in Relay, Firefox must hit Relay's /api/v1/terms-accepted-user endpoint to ensure that user has accepted the Terms of Service and for a new user and profile to be created on Relay.

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): Re-wrote this a bit with https://hemingwayapp.com/ :
```suggestion
Like the add-on, Firefox uses this token to authenticate all requests to Relay. Firefox includes an `Authorization: Bearer {fxa-access-token}` header in all API requests. Unlike the add-on, Firefox must first `POST` to the Relay `/api/v1/terms-accepted-user` endpoint to state that the user accepted the Terms of Service. This `POST` will also create the new user and profile records in Relay.
```

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Firefox
    participant FXA
    participant Relay

rect rgba(34, 0, 51, .09)

>     note right of Firefox: OAuth2 Flow
>     Firefox->>FXA: POST /oauth/token/
>     FXA->>Firefox: JSON: {Relay access token valid for 24 hrs}
>     end

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking):
Instead of `note`, We could use [`loop`](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/sequenceDiagram.html#loops) or [`alt`](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/sequenceDiagram.html#alt) syntax here to make mermaid draw this note as a box that "wraps around" the relevant steps:
```suggestion
    alt OAuth2 Flow
        Firefox->>FXA: POST /oauth/token/
        FXA->>Firefox: JSON: {Relay access token valid for 24 hrs}
    end
```

Author: Thanks! I agree that encapsulating/highlighting the different parts of the flow will help better visualize and understand the flow. I looked at the documents on Mermaid and I think it will be better to accomplish this using [background highlighting](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/sequenceDiagram.html#background-highlighting) since the [alt tag](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/sequenceDiagram.html#alt) is used for alternative paths.

Author: Completed: c4b8e2c

    Firefox->>Relay: POST /api/v1/terms-accepted-user Authorization: Token {token}
    Relay->>FXA: POST /v1/introspect {token}
    FXA->>Relay: 200 OK
    Relay->>Relay: Create new user and profile on DB if FxA user does not exist
    Relay->>Firefox: 201 Created or 202 User already exists
    note right of Firefox: Request new Relay Address
    Firefox->>Relay: POST /api/v1/relayaddresses Authorization: Token {token}

>     Note over Relay,FXA: FxaTokenAuthentication

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): same as above - we could use `loop` or `alt` syntax here instead of `Note`.

Author: Completed: c4b8e2c
